(DOCSP-39513): Consolidate Create page (#3270)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sdk/crud/create/create-property-types.txt

   .. tab::
      :tabid: java-kotlin

      .. include:: /includes/api-details/java/crud/create-list-property-description.rst

   .. tab::
      :tabid: javascript

      .. include:: /includes/api-details/javascript/crud/create-list-property-description.rst

   .. tab::
      :tabid: kotlin

      .. include:: /includes/api-details/kotlin/crud/create-mixed-property-type-description.rst

   .. tab::
      :tabid: objectivec

   .. tab::
      :tabid: swift

   .. tab::
      :tabid: typescript

      .. include:: /includes/api-details/typescript/crud/create-mixed-property-type-description.rst

.. include:: /includes/sdk-examples/crud/create-list-property.rst

.. _flutter-create-Uint8List-property-type:

Create a Uint8List Property Type (Dart)
```````````````````````````````````````

The Flutter SDK provides a ``Uint8List`` from Dart. For more details about
defining a ``Uint8List`` type, refer to 
:ref:`dart-define-uint8list-property-type`.

To add ``Uint8List`` to a Realm object, call ``Uint8List.fromList()`` on the data.

.. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/flutter/data_types_test.snippet.binary-from-list.dart

>    :language: dart

Author: I can make this fit neatly by including another tab set and just - not having any info for the other languages. It's kind of gross to have to do that and I was trying to avoid it. But yeah, I also found it not great previously... so went with that fix here.

.. tabs-drivers::

   .. tab::
      :tabid: cpp-sdk

      .. include:: /includes/api-details/cpp/crud/create-dictionary-property-description.rst

   .. tab::
      :tabid: csharp
      
   .. tab::
      :tabid: dart

   .. tab::
      :tabid: java

      .. include:: /includes/api-details/java/crud/create-dictionary-property-java-description.rst

   .. tab::
      :tabid: java-kotlin

      .. include:: /includes/api-details/java/crud/create-dictionary-property-kotlin-description.rst

   .. tab::
      :tabid: javascript

      .. include:: /includes/api-details/javascript/crud/create-dictionary-property-description.rst

   .. tab::
      :tabid: kotlin

      .. include:: /includes/api-details/kotlin/crud/create-dictionary-property-description.rst

   .. tab::
      :tabid: objectivec

   .. tab::
      :tabid: swift

      .. include:: /includes/api-details/swift/crud/create-dictionary-property-description.rst

   .. tab::
      :tabid: typescript

      .. include:: /includes/api-details/javascript/crud/create-dictionary-property-description.rst

.. include:: /includes/sdk-examples/crud/create-dictionary-property.rst

.. _sdks-create-relationship-property-types:

> Create Relationship Property Types
> ----------------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create Relationship Properties
------------------------------
```

> When you have properties whose type references another SDK object, this creates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you have a property whose type references another SDK object, this creates
```
